First things first. President Bush is completely stepping over the line
when he pushes for a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.  His
reasoning is at its base a religious reasoning.  Of all people the
president of the United States should not allow his faith to cloud his
judgement, and yet that is exactly what he is doing.  There should be a
seperation between the church and the government.  First of all,not all
citizens of the United States agree with his religious point of view.  How
can we base a law which will affect those very people to their core on one
man's opinion?  I can see the point that some make that "marriage" is
between a man and a woman.  Ok sure, but then leave the word marriage in a
church and allow everyone to have a civil union.  This way everyone would
be able to recive benefits from their life partner whether they be
heterosexual or homosexual.  Some of these same people however argue
against even a civil union between same sex couples because these same sex
couples cannot have children.  Okay, if we're going to use that argument
then we cannot allow those couples who cannot have children or plan on not
having children to have a marriage or a civil union either.  Whatever law
is made it needs to apply to all people not just marginalize one group. 
To me the law against civil unions against homosexual couples reminds of
the Jim Crow laws against blacks in the early part of their freedom.  How
is this any different?  It is discrimination against a group of people
simply because of who they are.  They cannot change who they are and they
should not have to.  They should be accepted into our culture as part of
it.  Which in fact they are.

