So what the country is trying to tell me is that I can kill myself with
cigarettes alchohol and numerous other things but I am not allowed to
smoke pot? Killing yourself by merely ingesting marijuana is almost
impossible.  On top of this, pot does not have the physical addictablity
that alcohol or tobacco has.  Alcohol also can cause violent mood swings
and aggressive behavior.  The worst that happens with marijuana is that
you mellow out and get a little hungry.  If the government were to
legalize and regulate marijuana they could first of all make money off of
it.  There are taxes on alcohol and cigarettes that make the prices high,
the same could be done with pot.  Also it would take the danger  of the
drug being cut with something else by the dealer out of the equation. 
Marijuana could have massive medical implications, but due to its
illegality we have no idea.  At the moment only some states allow
medicinal marijunana for terminal patients.  I think a big problem is the
villanization that has been attached to marijana as well.  It will not
"ruin your life" as some other drugs will do.  I have a big problem with
marijuana being grouped with other illicit drugs such as heroin cocaine
and ectasy which are much more dangerous and addictive.  It is nowhere
near the level of these.  I truly believe that pot is on the same level as
cigarettes and alcohol.  If one of these three is allowed then all should
be.  If one is not the others should not be legal either. They are too
close in affect to seperate them.

