How often do you see people challenging their gender roles?  Not often. 
People then ask innocently if gender discrimination exists today.  Of
course it does!  It's all around us, and unfortunatly it goes both ways,
both women and men are discriminated against.  Many men who stay home with
their children are seen as lesser because they are not the breadwinner for
their family. This brings up another question, who says the man must be
the main earner for any family?  It is a socially mandated concept, and
these things can evolve and change.  Conversely a woman who has
concentrated on her career is often seen as cold and unloving as well as
too driven.  A man who did the same thing would be commended for his
ambition.  The way things have been seperated in our society by gender is
ridiculous.  Why are these distinctions even present?  Men and women are
different yes, but with very few exceptions men and women can do the same
things.
I am not saying that all of the restriction should be eased or even
lifted.  For some it is necessary to be strict.  Tests for jobs such as
the police force or the firefighters should be the same for both genders. 
This may mean there will be less of one gender but those who are there can
actually do the job and do it well.
Gender discrimination is the same thing as any other sort of
discrimination.  It is not any different to discriminate against someone
for their gender than it is to discriminate against someone because of
their nationality or the color of their skin.  Things need to change, both
in the workplace and in our society.  However I do not know how that can
happen until people admit that this is a problem.  Those who do not are
kidding themselves.

