First things first we have to make a decision.  Is anything put out onto
the world wide web truly private?  The Internet is a public domain, no one
owns it, and so how can it be private.  No matter how many security
protocols you have on something someone somewhere will be able to see it. 
Since the advent of the Internet age people have put everything on the
internet from pictures to credit card numbers.  Most people don't know
about or use security features set up on their computers.  There are open
networking sites which allow you to make a profile, post pictures and tell
the world about you and your life.  People think "Only my friends can see
this".  A quick google search will reveal your myspace to a future
employer, or even to a potential friend.  The situation in question is a
relatively easy question for me to answer.  No this was not an invasion of
privacy.  The school officials did not search this information out it was
given to them.  Myspace bulletins can only be seen by thos people who are
"Myspace" friends with the person.  I highly doubt this person was friends
with the school officials.  This student was stupid enough to tell the
world about his plan.  He placed information onto a publuc sever.  That
information came back to haunt him.  It also cannot be an invasion of
privacy if someone is given the information.  When you are given such
information you need to act upon it.  Yes it could be a prank but it also
could be very real and very serious.  I think the main issue is that
people do not realize that something put onto the internet is not private.
 It's public.

