I find it laughable that we are still calling this a war.  The United
States army went into Iraq under false pretenses.  There was no antrax,
there were no nuclear weapons.  There were no mobile labs creatng
biological weapons.  There was no connection to September eleventh.  So
why are we there?  Maybe we really went in to depose a dictator and we
needed an excuse.  Or maybe we just wanted to gain control of the oil
deposits in the middle east.  I don't know personally.  However, America
is not the world's big brother.  We cannot and should not be trying to
protect everyone.  It is not our job.  Saddam Hussein was a horrible
dictator but it is not our job to take care of men like him. Whether our
reasoning was right or not it seems like we are in Iraq to stay. Troops
keep going in and not many are coming home.  Why do we need so many there?
 The US is now building permanant bases.  It seems we shall never leave. 
We destroyed their government and are trying to put one of our design in
it's place.  A government we put in place may not work. The culture in
Iraq  is much older and much more stuck in it's ways then a young country
such as ours.  A Democracy may not work.  I do in fact think that many of
the troops stationed in Iraq are not necessary.  I think they should be
gradually coming home, and as soon as possible.  It isn't fair to the
Iraqi people or to our troops to have them their.  We should not be
forcing our culture onto a people which does not want it.  Unfortunatly, I
don't know how to go about doing all this.  I am not someone trained in
strategy who can just figure out all that is needed o get out of a "war"
but hopefully someone gets us out of there soon.

