Oh boy do I have a lot to say about the Catholic Church.  How does an
institution that guides millions of people allow itself to become so
stagnated?  It makes no sense.  The point of life is to grow and change. 
As society grows and changes our guiding forces must change and evolve as
well.  One of my main issues with the church is that most of its rules
come from the Bible.  The Bible is a learning tool ,not a set of laws. 
Not only that, but the Bible was written by man, and man is prone to
error.  God did not write it.  Not only that but if there is a God would
he really denounce the fork?  At one point Catholics denounced the fork
because it was a "tool of the devil".  Also the Bible was put together by
a man that did not become a christian until he was on his deathbed.  I
understand that the Church has views of its own, but many of those views
are horribly outdated. Women are no different from men in their ability to
be spiritual leaders.  We have women in positions of power in every other
walk of life, why not in the Catholic Church. Another bone to pick is
about priests.  The concept of celibate priests was not originally in the
Church.  It was a political ploy to gain the Church more money, because
the Churches priests were building were being handed down to their sons
rather than the Church.   This is preposterous.  These men who are our
spiritual leaders are not allowed to live their own lives as humans.  The
Catholic church is stuck in a rut, and I dearly hope they will escape it
soon or else they will lose their flock eventually.

