Marijuana.  I'm gonna approach this topic a little differently then I
normally do and go ahead and say that marijuana should not be legalized. 
Why is this?  Have I suddenly changed my mind and decided that marijuana
is bad?  Absolutely not.  Marijuana is a great drug.  Probably safer than
drinking yourself to death, in fact.  The thing with marijuana is, I like
the fact that it's illegal.  It makes smoking more fun when you know that
you are breaking the law.  It's part of the drug's appeal.  Why do you
think so many underage kids drink?  Because it's not allowed.  I love
that.  It makes one feel like a rebel.
Another thing to keep in mind is drug dealers.  You are basically killing
one of the fMarijuana.  I'm gonna approach this topic a little differently then I
normally do and go ahead and say that marijuana should not be legalized. 
Why is this?  Have I suddenly changed my mind and decided that marijuana
is bad?  Absolutely not.  Marijuana is a great drug.  Probably safer than
drinking yourself to death, in fact.  The thing with marijuana is, I like
the fact that it's illegal.  It makes smoking more fun when you know that
you are breaking the law.  It's part of the drug's appeal.  Why do you
think so many underage kids drink?  Because it's not allowed.  I love
that.  It makes one feel like a rebel.
Another thing to keep in mind is drug dealers.  You are basically killing
one of the few industries that is sustaining the lower income families in
urban areas if you start legalizing drugs.  Some of these people are
selling drugs just to get by and you wanna legalize the drug and turn it
over into the hands of big corporations?  What is the world coming to? 
Way to steal jobs from the poor, Denver, Colorado.
Therefore, my proposal is not to make drugs legal.  That would just be
ruining all the fun and mystery that surrounds the drug.  I suggest that
the United States enact a policy of non-enforcement.  This way, everybody
wins.  The college kids who just want to experiment win, The cancer and
glaucoma patients win, the drug dealers win, and the cops win cos they
have less work to do.  The only people who don't win are the big money
grubbing corporations.  And nobody wants them to win.ew industries that is sustaining the lower income families in
urban areas if you start legalizing drugs.  Some of these people are
selling drugs just to get by and you wanna legalize the drug and turn it
over into the hands of big corporations?  What is the world coming to? 
Way to steal jobs from the poor, Denver, Colorado.
Therefore, my proposal is not to make drugs legal.  That would just be
ruining all the fun and mystery that surrounds the drug.  I suggest that
the United States enact a policy of non-enforcement.  This way, everybody
wins.  The college kids who just want to experiment win, The cancer and
glaucoma patients win, the drug dealers win, and the cops win cos they
have less work to do.  The only people who don't win are the big money
grubbing corporations.  And nobody wants them to win.
