Alright, the War on Iraq.  I sure was against this war when we went in. 
What was that, 6 years ago?  Were we ever actually at war? I don't even
remember ever declaring it at all.  I think we just hopped in there.  I
sure was spitfire against this war when we went in 6 years ago.  I was
extremely anti-Bush and definitely was a bleeding heart liberal.  Am I
still the same person I was six years ago?  Not at all.  Do I still think
the war was a dumb idea and that Bush is a dumbass?  Absolutely.  Do I
care anymore?  Not really.  Why?  Because my opinion doesn't really matter
at all.  If I've learned anything over the Bush administration, it's that
politics isn't about issues.  It's about power.  It's about always being
right, no matter if you know you're wrong.  It's about satisfying all the
types of people who are lobbying to keep you in power.  It's really just a
popularity contest now.  The real battle isn't in Iraq, it's on the
homefront.  Everyone join a side, republicans vs democrats!  Your opinions
don't really matter, just join a side so that side can beat the other one!
 The war in Iraq isn't about anything that we originally went in there
for.  Really, I'm not going to go into the different reasons why we went
in, just go ahead and pick one.  Because it doesn't matter.  Right now, we
just have an obstinate government who refuses to admit that they were
wrong.  They are just stubborn jerks who have completely made a mess of
everything they have touched over the last 8 years and they have to hold
onto this.  And what next, Iran?  Syria? Maybe Afghanistan again, we
forgot about them.  Maybe Bin Laden is still there!  Maybe we should
invade ourselves! Because hey, if you look at us seriousely, we are the
most dangerous country.  And we are dangerous to ourselves and to everyone
else who might look at Bush funny.  So lets just invade ourselves and get
it over with before we do something like destroy some random country like
Iraq. Oops.  Too late.

