Good question.  I absolutely do feel that women are discriminated against
in America.  In the workplace, at home, everywhere.  Here's the kicker
though.  Do I think this is a problem.  Nah.

Here's the funny thing about discrimination.  What the word really means
is the ability to make distinctions, or discernment.  And here's the
thing, if America is headed in the direction where we can't discern the
difference between a male and female, then we are headed towards disaster.

Now I'm not saying women don't have a place in this world.  I love women. 
They are very useful for many different things.  Really, if there weren't
any women, not only would our species come to an end, but I in particular
would be a mess.  You see, I can't really cook at all, and I don't
particularly like cleaning either.  I mean, I can clean, if something is
really grossing me out, and I could probably learn to cook too, but I
really just don't want to.  You may say, well Tyler, why don't you just
order out, and hire a maid service?  Well, I'd say, ordering out does get
pretty pricey, and also I don't want cleaning people in my house that I
don't know.  They're a sneaky people.  They'd rob me blind.  So that's out
of the question.  So really, unless I want to live with a very feminine
male roommate for the rest of my life, getting married is really the best
option.

I see that part of the question asks about discrimination in the
workplace.  I don't really know what that's all about.  I don't see what
women need to work for.  That's what I do.  Plus there are plenty of jobs
that definitely need women to work: strippers, porn stars, supermodels,
actresses, masseuses.  That's all I can think of right now.  I definitely
don't want these jobs to be male specific.  Especially not stripper or
masseuse.  I don't want any guys dancing on poles or rubbing my back.

So do I really feel this way, or am I being facetious?  I'll let you decide.
