Oh boy.  This is one of the few topics that I myself am divided on.  Not
gay marriage, but the very issue of homosexuality itself.  As for gay
marriage, I'm all for it.  Why?  Because I don't care what the homosexuals
do.  Why should I?  Why should I care what anybody does except for myself
as long as what they do does not hurt me personally?  I dunno.  I've been
trying to figure out why conservatives care so much.  Don't they have
better things to do than to worry about the "gay problem?"  If your
particular church thinks that gay marriage is wrong, then they can decide
not to allow it.  If you believe in gay marriage, then this church is
probably not the one for you, because it clearly goes against your morals.
 So join another church that supports your beliefs.  Just cuz the catholic
church is the oldest, doesn't mean it's right.  Now let's say your the
president of the country and you believe gay marriage is wrong.  GOOD FOR
YOU.  Believe what you will. But don't try to ban gay marriage in the
constitution.  That's the stupidest goddamn thing I've ever heard.  First
of all, the constitution is about ensuring rights not taking them away,
dumbass.  Second of all, keep your religion to yourself.  You have no
place to make legislation about religious matters.  I can't stress how
stupid of a move this is.  Really.  Our president is completely
incompetent.
How do I feel about homosexuality in general?  I think it's wrong. 
Personally, I believe that homosexuality is either a way to receive
attention that one normally might not receive, or simply a chemical
imbalance in the brain thats the cause of too much or too little estrogen
or testosterone.  I absolutely do not believe gay people are "born" to be
gay.  However, does this mean I have a problem with gay people? 
Absolutely not.  Go and get married, go play with each other, I don't
care.  It's your fundamental right to do what you want, as long as you
don't affect me.  Hell, all it is less competition.
