
I believe the catholic church has lost there way, No longer is church
about serving the poor and helping those who need spiritual guidance, its
basically a way for people to point out whose wrong and whose right. Now
granted this is the way I see it as the Catholic Church as the whole but
upon interacting with a few Jesuit priests here at Loyola this notion is
steadily changing. Actually these priests at Loyola I belive are the new
wave of priests who are adapting Catholism to college students in a way
that they will understand. Because I know personally I struggle with
understanding the Bible, and the priests here put the Bible in general
terms that can be adapted to college life. I believe that even Catholism
is finding it hard to live strictly according to the Bible so why not
change it according today's lifestyle. Or even make more general statments
instead of being so specific. I feel like God will be ok with the fact
that we are praying and understanding the Bible. I believe that Bible
wasnt meant for us to understand every little thing but so that we could
be able to relate to it and find God in it. How can we do that if we are
constantly worrying about the little things?

I dont think the Catholic Church should change anything marriage wise for
the priests because it sets the Catholic Church apart from all the other
religions. But what I do question is are the people that commit these
crimes really meant to become priests? Are they mistaken in their calling?
I believe that God provides for every and anything we need, so if these
priests are commiting these crimes maybe God is showing them that they
need to chose a different profession. Granted  arousal is a very strong
urge that humans can get, however if they were really meant to be priests
wouldn't God suffice for this urge?

