
My best friend went to college this past year and she began smoking
marijuana. And so to scare her I wanted to find out if there was any
particular cancer or disease that you can get from smoking marijuana and I
found nothing. Marijuana is a product of the earth, it doesn't hurt the
body you can't get lung cancer from it, there are no toxins in it that can
harm the the air and other people. So I couldnt tell her to stop because
it wouldnt harm her. My only problem with marijuana is that it wastes your
time. In the time it takes for someone to get high they have to sit there
and get off there hgih which could take hours.

In the question you mention about the effects of marijuana, like I said
before I dont think there are any other affects according to what I have
researched. Especially none as harmful as alcohol. you have always heard
of alcohol poiknownsoning and drunk drivers killing innocent people never
of any one who harmed themselves while getting high on marijuana. Now I
may take back the word never but etiher way if there is a case it doesnt
make channel nine news at five like drunk driving does. With that being
said, Im actually up in the air on my oponion of the legalization of
marijuana in that is doesn't harm anyone it just wastes away peoples time
because once they feel that high they tend to not want to do much of
anything else. But also if we were to legalize it, would people stop
trying so hard to get it and the excitement of getting it would go down.
But then that goes to say should we legalize other drugs like speed and
cocaine...I dont think so!

