
In reference to this situation, invading the person's privacy is the
proper action that the school took and I fully support them on that issue.
But soemtimes schools take it too far. At my old high school, which is a
catholic all girls institution, they expelled some girls because of
pictures they had on facebook. Granted the internet is a big free-for-all
but still I believed it was wrong of the school to do that. Now there are
many other issuses included in this particular one but the main fact is
that the school went online saw these pictures of the girls and expelled
them. Ok maybe i should explain a little more, the pictures were taken at
the high school, while the girls were in their uniform and the pictures
were of sexy girl on girl action. Now don't think pornography but either
way it was girl on girl action. Is that still grounds for an expulsion,
maybe? But still the method in which they used to find these pictures is
where I am finding the fault.

Schools have to realize that the internet is a place where students can go
to vent about their "tragic teenage lives" so they may say some things
that make the school systems wonder, the schools ultimately can not make
any hasty decisions unless it was like our starting situation of the
school shooting. Schools should have a list of a criteria that warrant a
search or immediate action, before engaging the students. But back to the
initial question of where should school officials draw the line ass to
whether or not they are invading privacy? Well my answer is safety and not
reputation. Meaning my school may have expelled the girls because they
didn't want the reputation of a Catholic all girls high school that
promoted lesbian actions . All in all safety school be the schools number
one concern, once a student goes so far as to say they may hurt someone
else or themselves even if they were just venting actions need to be taken
because you never know if they really meant what they were said.

