
I believe that every side is entitled to there owm opinoin on gay marraige
but that doesn't mean that they should limit the other side either. If you
don't like gay marriage thats fine but that doesn't mean that there are
people out there who aren't gay. Personally I believe that everyone should
mind there own business, people are so concerned with what everyone else
is doing that they are geting side-tracked. Especially the government,
they are so worried about who should marry who that they are not thinking
about more important things like the war in Iraq. I bet you that many of
the soldiers over there are alot more concernend about safely evacuating
Iraq than about if gay people should get married. Also I believe Bush is
trying to ban gay marriage because he is trying the stick to the
traditional foundation that has built this country. But slavery was a
foundation that built this country, and that is now illegal. Moreover my
point is that it shouldn't matter who we are allowed to marry, if there is
love in the relationship why should people who don't like it care? Because
it looks weird and its different? Well alot of stuff looks weird and
different but that doesn't mean we should shun it. And further more aren't
homosexuals granted the right of a civil union, which is the same as a
marriage except for the benefits? Well if thats the case then they  should
be at least happy that they got that far and work toward geting the whole
U.S. to give them that right. Because if you think about it there are ways
to get all the benefits of marriage, its just alot of paperwork instead of
automatically getting it in marriage.

