
The Catholic Church is seriously outdated. They know it and they're
followers know it. However, in such a rapidly changing world, I feel that
people are sometimes attracted to the Church for this exact purpose. It is
an unchanging establishment amidst an ever-changing world. It is one thing
that has remained nearly constant since its very beginning and will
probably continue to do so for many years to come. I am personally an
ex-Catholic, and I do have some bitter feelings toward the church in their
policies, beliefs, and recent pedophilia escapades, however I do not feel
that the Catholic Church should have to change its ways for any reason. I
say let them continue to do what they do, I just won't be a part of it and
that is fine. I feel that too many people who feel antagonistic or bitter
toward the church still feel like it is their obligation to attend and
keep feeding money into the envelopes. Catholicism is a choice. Either you
accept what they believe and do or you find another religion. I think that
this is the way the Church feels as well.
Concerning pedophilia, I think it is pretty obvious that allowing priests
to marry would probably help. The reason being not that priests today
would necessarily get married and stop touching boys, but that more normal
and less perverted priests would begin to join the priesthood if they knew
they were allowed to get married. Allowing females to be priests might
also help, but not so much if the male priests were still not allowed to
get married. If the church forbids pre-marital sex, then would this be
promoting it? If not, then allowing female priests would serve the sole
purpose of removing such sexism from the church and allowing females who
want to priests to do that.

