The war in Iraq is a mess. The whole thing was damned from the get go,
being a war declared under false and made-up pretenses. More times than
once I have argued over the war with people. When I ask them the simple
question, "Why are we over there?" I most often hear the response,
"Because they bombed us/flew planes into our buildings!" This is WRONG.
They did not bomb us or fly planes into our buildings; that is what Osama
Bin Laden did, not Saddam Hussein. Iraq posed no threat to us, which is
why our president forced Colin Powell to go on national television and
point to indiscernible dots on a map and refer to them as bomb factories.
Then why were no bombs found when we got there? Not one! This country
posed absolutely no threat to the United States, and there is no reason in
my mind for sending our troops there to die.
This war has gone on more than long enough and needs to be ended as soon
as possible. According to recent reports and ones occurring throughout the
war, no tremendous progress has been made in establishing a fully
functional democracy as of yet, and such an accomplishment neither seems
likely or possible of reaching the American standards we have set. All we
seem to have done is take out the evil dictator and cause mass confusion
and malice among the citizens of Iraq. I know for sure that I would not
like to look outside my window and see foreign troops occupying my town,
trying to enforce their  beliefs and practices on me. So why would they?
Though it seems highly opposed, I don't see a great reason against pulling
out of Iraq immediately. However, a plan to send troops back home over a
set amount of time less than a year seems somewhat resonable if taken
seriously and acted upon vigilantly. Now that the deed has been done, we
should accept our losses and get out while we're ahead in valuable lives.

