
I feel that gay marriage should not be banned in any state. Opposition to
allowing gay marriage does not seem justified in my opinion. I feel that
gay U.S. citizens are U.S. citizens nonetheless and should be treated
fairly and equally as everyone else in this country. If heterosexual
couples can marry freely, then so should homosexual couples. I feel that
when considering this issue that our personal biases should be put aside
and we only consider the fact that this country is free, and any
infringement upon that should be strictly disallowed. I strongly feel that
there is one right aand wrong side to this issue in that those who will
not allow homosexual marriage are ethically and morally wrong in their
decision.
If the issue is concerning the sanctity of marriage, which seems to be the
main issue for many who oppose gay marriage, then we should first consider
the sanctity of heterosexual marriage. If fifty percent of heterosexual
marriages end in divorce, then where is the sanctity that we speak of? Is
divorce wrong? I feel that in regard to the federal government concerning
gay marriage that no law should be present. The only law, if there should
be one, should be that all American citizens are free to marry whomever
they desire. This would include, of course, homosexual couples. President
Bush has no right to outlaw gay marriage anywhere, and the whole reason he
even makes such threats seems to be that he is catering to the "morally
correct" right-wing conservative crowd. If morality is his major concern
in leading our country, then why did we start a war when we didn't need
to? Is lying to the country and providing false pretenses to engage in war
the moral thing to do? Would allowing gay couples to marry be worse than
starting a war? For the sake of our freedom in this country, I hope not.

