Privacy rights is one thing, and the internet is another. There is
inherently no privacy on the internet, and this should be taken into
account by all. The only privacy seems to occur in the case of ordering
items online and giving personal information to well-known businesses. I
see nothing wrong with a school looking at myspace or facebook to prevent
crimes from occurring. That is just the smart thing to do. I don't see
where a line can be drawn in terms of the internet and privacy rights. If
school officials can see anything that may be incriminating on the web, it
should by all means be used against a student if the school desires.
Students must take some accountability and responsibility and not post on
the web what they may not want someone, or anyone, to see. Therefore, such
actions taken by a school or any official cannot be viewed as an invasion
of privacy if privacy cannot exist on the internet. The internet is for
the most part an open public forum available to anyone who has access.
Something that should also be taken into consideration is that schools are
not organizing groups designed to scan the profiles of all their students.
If some action is taken by a school based on evidence seen on the
internet, it is usually discovered by an observant, worried peer and
reported to school officials. As it is now, there seems to be a good,
efficient system of checks and balances in which fellow students can
report such findings to a school official, who can then determine whether
or not to pursue. I feel that because of this, everything should remain in
place and nothing further done about it. Schools should not police the
web, and students should be ready and willing to report anything they deem
concerning.


