
If alcohol is legal for people over 21, then marijuana should be also. If
we were to compare the amount of deaths related to drunk drivers, it would
most likely be overwhelming in comparison to the amount of deaths related
to "high" drivers. My policy for topics such as these is if no harm is
done to anyone, then why not. If anything, I think marijuana should be
legal before alcohol. The effects of alcohol differ from person to person,
but still many become either belligerent and engage in fights or drive
impaired and kill innocent civilians. This is not the case with marijuana.
I think it is a big step toward freedom by legalizing any amount of
marijuana anywhere. If the reason for the government making marijuana
illegal is an attempt to watch out for our own well-being, then why are
cigarettes and alcohol legal? They have no known benefits that could
possibly outweigh their costs. It is the same with marijuana, so I feel
that it should be legalized everywhere. Let people do what they want, as
long as no one has to pay for it.
 I also feel that the legalization of marijuan would help eliminate the
shady deals that go on involving such drugs as marijuana. If there were
some government control over the sale of marijuana in which the substance
would be legal, taxed, and inspected by the FDA for any impurities, I
feel that people who do use marijuana wuold be better off. I also do not
think that legalizing marijuana would lead to any increased usage of the
substance by those who do not use it illegally. Its decriminalization
would lead to less people being needlessly thrown in jail for selling
marijuana and taking up space that should be filled by criminals who are
actually harmful to the world.



